6th-grade argumentative essay topics
A border fence should be constructed between the U.S. and Mexico.
A border line must be drawn between Mexico and US.
A country gets the government it deserves.
A democracy without effective citizenry for large sections of the political community is democracy only for the few.
A diet that perfectly suits your genetics must be designed.
A foreign language cannot be taught. It must be learned.
A man should have a wife for the family and a mistress for pleasure
A man should have a wife for the family and a mistress for pleasure.
A non-college education for higher income possibilities. (A PhD Biologist earns less than a highly skilled aircraft engine mechanic.)
A person cannot be whole while most of the world is broken.
A presidential form of government would be better than the current parliamentary system.
A student who doesn’t speak English must not be taught in the public schools.
A woman's place is in the home.
A woman’s place is in the home
Abolishment of the jury, giving sole power of decision to a judge or to a panel of judges.
Abortion rights are necessary
Accelerating rates of taxes are unfair.
Access of YouTube in schools should be blocked.
Adult-oriented cartoons should only be broadcast on television after 10PM.
Advantages and disadvantages of MBA program.
Advertisements around schools should be banned.
Advertising creates artificial needs.
Affirmative action is a good idea.
Affirmative action must be put to an end.
Affirmative action should be abolished.
Age of consent should be lower/higher
Agnosticism can be simply defined as skepticism regarding theology.
Alcohol usage should be controlled
Alfalfa sprouts aren’t worth eating anymore
Algebra should not be required for high school graduation.
All Americans should be required to provide one year of national service.
All citizens who do not vote should pay a fine.
All middle schools should require student uniforms.
All milk must be pasteurized.
All parents should be required to attend parenting classes before having a child.
All people should be vegetarians.
All property should be owned by the state.
All public high schools should have childcare facilities for their students on site.
All public middle schools should have student-run disciplinary courts.
All schools should provide students with music and art education.
All students should be required to perform one year of community service.
All students should be required to say the Pledge of Allegiance.
All students should have an after-school job.
All students should take an online course.
Allowing drugs in some sports competitions will allow us to keep others clean.
America should be able to provide foreign aid to countries that kill endangered animals.
America should not give foreign aid to other countries.
America should refrain from providing foreign aid.
American military involvement in Iraq has done more good than harm.
Americans should not be allowed to burn the United States flag as an act of free speech.
Anarchism is better than all forms of government due to its definitions and applications.
Animal performances should be banned in circuses.
Animal testing should be banned.
Animals should not be kept in captivity.
Animals should not be used for entertainment.
Anyone who watches five days of cricket should be declared brain death.
Argumentative essay on social media
Argumentative essay on technology
Argumentative essay topics for college
Argumentative essay topics for middle school
Arranged marriages are better than ‘love’ marriage.
Art keep one young at heart.
Art schools should be abandoned in every state.
Asian Oyster seeding in the Chesapeake Bay should be banned.
Athlete’s diet shouldn’t be different from other people.
Availability of HIV drug kits in drug stores.
Bailing out of banks and financial institutions by the government.
Ban all foods containing “beef," in view of the huge 2013 meat adulteration scandal.
Ban boxing!
Ban on homework.
Ban on tracking students for schools.
Ban plastic bags in grocery stores.
Beautiful forests of Amazonia.
Beauty contests should be banned
Beauty is only a matter of taste.
Beauty pageants do more good than harm.
Before giving birth to a child, parents must attend the parenting classes.
Being a team worker is more important than to be a brilliantly creative person.
Being unwanted is the most terrible of diseases.
Big family vs. an only child.
Birth control/education in schools BU should be a “wet” campus
Boys and girls should not have equal education.
Boys are higher achievers than girls.
Bribery is acceptable
Business means trust.
Businesses should not place advertisements in schools.
Cable TV has done more damage than good.
Campaign finance reform Capital punishment
Camping holidays vs. hotels.
Can there be a disparity bridge between obesity and malnutrition.
Capital punishment is the only way to deter criminals.
Capital punishment is unjust and degrading.
Capital punishment should be banned by the United States federal government.
Capitalism is not a fair society.
Carbohydrates are more damaging than fats
Causes of students graduating without acquiring basic skills.
Celebrities earn too much money
Celebrities should not be role models.
Cell phone and texting has made people less attentive.
Cell phones have a control on our relationships.
Cellular phones should be allowed in schools.
Chemical and biological warfare
Childhood is certainly the happiest time of your life.
China will be a world superpower
Chinese style government is superior to western democracies.
Chip implants in pets for identification.
Church is a positive factor in our society.
Churches should work hard to become multi racial.
Cigarettes should be illegal.
Citizens should be allowed to carry guns
Citizens who don’t put a vote must be fined.
Class size in primary and secondary school should not exceed 30 students.
Classical argument topics
Climate change does not exist
Climate change is a great threat to human species or not.
Climate change is more political than scientific.
Cloning (Human/organs/therapeutic)
Cloning has a lot of benefits
Cloning is a valuable scientific cause
Cloning is immortal and dangerous.
Cloning must be banned
College athletes should be paid.
College football should be exempted from Title IX requirements.
Colleges should suffer because of their athlete’s loss.
Colleges’ early admissions policies do more harm than good.
Comments on social media must be secured by a free speech.
Committing suicide should be made legal
Committing suicide should be made legal.
Community service should be mandatory in high school.
Comparison of American students from other countries students.
Compulsory military service should be abolished everywhere.
Computers are very important in education.
Computers bring revolution to a humans mind.
Condoms should be distributed in schools for free (junior schools)
Congress should pass the “Clear Skies” initiative.
Consumers should not purchase SUVs.
Controversial Art Topics
Controversial Education Topics
Controversial Healthcare and Food Topics for Essay and Debates
Controversial Media Topics
Controversial Military Topics For Debates and Essays
Controversial Parenting Topics
Controversial Political Topics for Debates and Essays
Controversial Sports Topics
Controversial Technology Topics
Controversial argumentative essay topics
Corn fed is better than grass fed
Corporal punishment of children should be illegal.
Corporal punishment should be allowed in schools.
Corruption, the abuse of public power for private gain, cannot be eradicated.
Cosmetic Surgery
Cosmetic surgery should be outlawed
Cosmetic surgery- pros and cons.
Credit cards do more harm than good.
Curfews keep teens out of trouble
Cyber bullying caught by a student even outside the school premises must be hindered by the schools admin.
Daycare (universal provision of)
Death sentence should be activated in every country of the world
Democracy has bad aspects too.
Democracy is the best form of government.
Democracy must be imposed on nations
Desert area residents should be required to use desert landscaping.
Development programs hardly ever benefit the poor.
Development that sustains the present inequalities is undesirable.
Diet Pills Should be banned
Diet sometimes affects a humans well being and not all the time.
Discussion Topics
Doctors should be allowed to prescribe medical marijuana for severely ill patients.
Doing a job that you like is more important than to earn more money.
Drinking Age
Drinking age should be lowered
Drinking alcohol should be encouraged as its consumption is healthy.
Driving age must be increased.
Drone attacks against specific targets are a necessary part of modern warfare.
Drone attacks have become necessary for modern warfare.
Drone warfare is ethical.
Drug companies should not be allowed to advertise prescription drugs to the general public.
Drug testing (mandatory) DUI convictions should include mandatory sentences
Drugs should be accepted in sports
Due to media, people have become more violent.
Each student must have a right to pick only those disciplines he is interested in
Each student must take courses of performing arts.
Earthquakes and their consequences.
Eating meat is ethical or not.
Education
Education should be free for everyone
Elections are not the best test of democracy.
Emigration will solve our problems.
Employment creation should be the chief aim of our planning.
Energetic drinks should be banned and made illegal
English as the official language Federal Funding of Faith-Based Organizations
Equality of opportunities in a society- only a dream.
Establishing peace is not possible.
Euthanasia should be legal
Every student should be required to take a performing arts course.
Examinations exerts a bad influence on education.
Exercise is related to ones brain health.
Existence of religious persecution.
Existing public school policies must be changed
Extra-terrestrial intelligence exists.
Face to face talking is not better than texts, cell phones and emails.
Fare-dodging on a train or bus is ok if you can get away with it.
Fast food chains should face regulations as a result of the nation’s obesity problem.
Fast food is not bad for health.
Filming has polluted people’s minds.
First aid and medical help, in general, should become free
Foie gras should be banned
Food aid does more harm than good.
Football is a better game than cricket for Indian youth.
Football is for idiots.
For adolescents, television is a better teacher than books.
Foreign Language Requirement in College
Foreigners shouldn’t be allowed to vote
Fossil fuels are easily replaced.
Free press vs. fair trial
Freedom of speech and racism
Fried foods should have warning labels.
Friends are the most important thing in life.
Friendship is the most important relationship in life.
GDH (Gross Domestic Happiness) is more important in judging the well-being of a country than GDP (Gross Domestic Product)
GMOs shouldn’t be kept in mind. One should simply eat and not avoid.
Gambling
Gay marriage Gay adoption of children
Gay marriage is wrong
Gay marriages are wrong
Gender choice during child adoption.
Genetic Engineering
Genetics can be challenged with diet and exercise.
Genghis Khan did more good than harm.
Gentrification does more harm than good.
Giving money to beggars is stupid.Giving money to panhandlers is justified.
Good economics is good politics.
Government should forbid same-sex marriages
Government should make small seized sugary drinks.
Governments ought to stop child labor.
Grades must be abolished.
Grass fed is the only solution to the bovine problems
Greatest struggle; education vs. vacation.
Grow fat and be happy!
Gun control Health care/national health insurance
Guns~ pros and cons
HIV tests should be available in drug stores like pregnancy tests.
Harvesting sperm from dead male relatives/spouses for someone else to have their own children.
Health insurance companies should be refused to use genetic information of clients.
High Street shops vs. supermarkets.
High school grades are inflating diplomas / certificates.
High school students should have to pass a national exit exam to graduate.
High-stakes state testing should be abolished.
Higher education should only be accessible to good students.
History (or another subject) is an important subject in school.
History is a purposeless activity.
History is the most important course in school.
Hockey and other dangerous sports.
Home schooling does more good than harm.
Home schooling is an effective education program for rural areas and long distance regions.
Homeland security is more important than protection of civil liberties.
Homework does more good than harm.
Homework is harmful
Homework should be banned.
Hospital employs should have the right to strike.
How parents should be handling a horrible report card.
Human cloning should be allowed in the United States.
Human cloning should be banned.
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
Hummer buyers are sad people who over-compensate things.
Hunting is good as it brings in money for the state and local businesses.
Hunting should be restricted to some environmental areas.
Husbands and wives should have the same educational level.
It’s foolish to give money to beggars.
IPhones are way better than Androids.
Implanted GPS systems threaten privacy.
In order to graduate, students must pass algebra.
In the case of student lockers, school safety is more important than student privacy.
In the contest of global interdependence, security and sovereignty must be re-defined.
In today’s world a ‘culture of death’ is gaining supremacy over a ‘culture of life.’
In your opinion, your Tacos are appropriated or authentic.
Increase in the child’s obesity. Reasons.
Ineffective communication is the fault of the communicator.
Influences of mobile phones: pros and cons
Insanity defense
Intelligence tests should be given before couples can have children
Intelligent design must be taught and introduced in the science class.
International satellite news broadcasting poses a threat to indigenous cultures.
Internet access must be limited to students
Iran should be allowed to develop nuclear energy.
Is appropriate behavior only be taught by parents.
Is food nowadays new rock
Is it possible to treat a hangover
It is better to be a follower than a leader.
It is crucial for women to develop a career before marriage and get kids.
It is impossible to eradicate violence in the country.
It is morally acceptable to experiment on animals for medical purposes.
It is much more difficult to do business in the East than in western European countries.
It is never appropriate for the government to restrict freedom of speech.
It is unethical to buy an SUV.
It is unethical to eat meat.
It should be forbidden to use species of animals for research purposes and cruel experiments
It should be illegal to sell coffee and coffee products to minors anywhere in the United States.
It should be legally made mandatory for adoptive parents to allow biological parents access to the children they gave birth to.
It’ s not fair that film stars or football players earn millions.
James Hahn should be reelected mayor of Los Angeles.
Job flexibility and job security cannot co-exist.
Job security is the biggest motivator than money.
Journalism is the art of intellectual prostitution.
Junior high and high schools should randomly test their athletes for drug use.
Junk food should be banned from school cafeterias and vending machines.
Junk food should be banned in schools.
Juveniles should be tried as adults for felonies.
K-12 schools should ban junk food sales.
Keeping chicken is helpful or harmful
Knowing English well is equivalent to a college degree.
Kobe is better than LeBron.
Kobe is on its way down.
Legalization of assisted suicide for people suffering from terminal illnesses.
Legalized gambling
Letter grades in schools do more harm than good.
Liberal arts is of no value in education
Life begins at forty.
Light drugs should be treated more tolerantly.
Live with your lover before getting married.
Living alone can be an advantageous and good solution.
Living in a large, modern city- only a madman would choose it.
Lower the legal drinking age in the U.S. to 18.
MMA (mixed martial arts) must be banned completely.
MMA must be legal.
Macs have no comparison with PCs.
Managers should also be excellent psychologists.
Mandatory implants of contraception against pregnancy for all (both sexes) close to the average onset of puberty until people obtain a license to have children. To conceive, both parents must be certified.
Marijuana should get legal.
Marijuana/or other drugs legalized Obesity Lawsuits
Marketing and management should be taught in last two years of high school.
Marks on student’s handwriting shouldn’t be deducted.
Marriage is an outdated institution
Marriage is outdated
Media and the suicide.
Media can be taken as the exploitation of media.
Media have made people more critical than ever.
Media serves us as destruction.
Medical decision-making and minors
Medical testing on animals does more good than harm.
Men are worse gossips than women.
Middle grades should require students to wear uniforms.
Middle schools should allow outside food vendors for lunch.
Middle schools should have mandatory drug testing for participation in extracurricular activities.
Middle schools should have student lockers.
Middle schools should increase required classes and reduce electives.
Middle schools should not have promotion ceremonies.
Middle schools should require students to wear uniforms.
Military service should be obligatory
Missile Defense System Prayer in public schools
Mixed martial arts should be banned.
Money is more important than love.
Money is the biggest motivator of people at the workplace.
Movies penetrate the deepest corners of one’s soul.
Movies with mothers.
Multinationals and globalization bring good and bad things.
Murderers should be executed.
Music sharing through internet should be permitted.
Music which glorifies violence towards women should be banned
NAFTA should be extended throughout the Americas.
Nationalism is a positive thing.
Nature versus nurture. Going green is not legit and isn’t working.
New York City soft drink size limit should be implemented.
New York Senator Hillary Clinton should be elected President of the United States in 2008.
New world wine is superior than the Old world
Newspaper reporters must be required for revealing their sources.
No one wants to live to be a hundred.
Nontraditional English should be acknowledged in academia.
Nuclear power is a viable energy source for the future.
Nuclear weapons are a necessary weapon
Obesity is a disease
Obsession with food has dominated the bigger problems we have in hand
On average, zoos do more good than harm.
On balance, George W. Bush has done more good than harm.
On balance, children’s television does more good than harm.
On balance, nuclear energy does more good than harm.
On balance, special interests are a positive influence in American politics.
On balance, video games do more good than harm.
Online technologies aren’t changing our living style.
Organ donation should be compulsory for all United States citizens.
Organizing a travel agency.
Our problem is not overpopulation but under-population.’
Outdoor smoking bans and claims to public space
PE should be compulsory in school.
PTC of students is a bad idea.
Pakistan is more an enemy than an ally of the United States.
Parental spanking of children should be a crime.
Parents are most of the times unfair towards their children.
Parents are to blame for unruly children in public restaurants and bars.
Parents are too permissive with their children nowadays.
Parents have no right to control the lives of their children above 16
Parents should avoid encouraging their children in getting toys which might sow the seeds of violence.
Parents should be allowed to choose their baby's gender.
Parents should be held legally responsible for their children’s actions.
Parents should be punished for their children’s’ mistakes.
Parents should have the authority to pick their child’s gender.
Parents should not buy war toys for their children.
Parents should not purchase war toys for their children.
Parents shouldn’t decide when you can drink alcohol or buy cigarettes.
Partial abortion should be declared illegal.
Partial-birth abortion
Partial-birth abortion should be illegal.
Paying for a surrogate
Peer pressure does more good than harm.
Peer pressure is more beneficial than harmful.
Peers are important for teenagers.
Penalty on one’s death should be overruled.
People are barely concerned about where their food is coming from.
People are good at heart (download and use an example now)
People are good at heart psychology from ilsepauly687
People have forgotten to sketch a line between fiction and truth.
People must spend less time on official work without any effect on their salaries
People should be fined for not recycling.
People should not spend billions on exploring the space.
People should own backyard chickens
People who have committed serious crimes should not help make laws for others.
People work better if they are paid more.
Performance encouraging drugs must be granted in sports.
Performance-enhancing drugs should be allowed in sports.
Peter Rose should be in Hall of Fame.
Pharmacists should be permitted to refuse to sell the morning after pill to underage girls after wrong dating.
Physical education in grades K-12 should be compulsory.
Physical education in the school system.
Physical education should be required of all students throughout high school.
Physician-assisted suicide should be legalized.
Plastic bags use should be banned forever.
Pledge of Allegiance
Poetry should be removed from the curriculum.
Political campaigns should get money donation from corporations.
Polygamy should be legalized.
Pop culture comes through serious art study.
Possible uses of nanotechnology in future.
Prenuptial agreements make families stronger
Prisoners should be allowed to vote
Private English classes vs. group courses.
Private policies that should be held by the companies of social media.
Private swimming pools are unethical.
Privatization of Prisons
Production and sales of tobacco must be made illegal
Professional athletes should be role models.
Professional athletes should not be allowed to compete in the Olympic Games.
Progressive tax rates are unfair.
Prohibition vs. drug legalization
Pros and cons of Monarchy.
Pros and cons of globalisation.
Pros and cons of raising minimum wage
Pros and cons of the Unemployment Insurance benefit.
Prostitution should be legalised
Public funds should not be used for professional sports stadiums.
Public prayer must be restricted in schools.
Public prayer should not be allowed in schools.
Public schools should have single sex classrooms.
Puerto Rico should be a state.
Punishment for young children on competing at athletics.
Punishment never has any good effect.
Racial profiling should be done.
Rap music does more harm than good.
Regulations of realty T.V programs.
Released felons should have voting rights.
Religion can help with the spiritual growth in a society where people are nothing more than shelled husks without souls, where only money and superficial beauty matter.
Religious fundamentalism is a growing threat to our society.
Renewable forms of energy should be subsidized by the government.
Reservation of seats in Parliament is neither desirable nor helpful to women.
Rich people should pay much more taxes than a layman.
Riches are for spending.
Royalty and democracy are incompatible.
SAT/ACT prep classes do more harm than good.
Say no to adult content in cartoons and other programs watched by children.
Say no to palm oil and other products made with palm oil and save the orangutans.
School attendance should be voluntary.
School should be year-round.
School uniforms
School uniforms aren’t essential.
School uniforms should be required.
School vouchers should be allowed.
Schools having the same sex students are much better.
Schools in the United States should ban animal dissection.
Schools should ban animal dissection.
Schools should be year round.
Schools should block YouTube.
Schools should eliminate letter grades.
Schools should end the practice of giving awards.
Schools should not be allowed to track students by academic level.
Schools should not spend money on subjects of fine arts.
Schools should not support competitive interscholastic sports. Schools should ban animal dissection.
Schools should not use standardized testing.
Schools should provide for single sex instruction.
Schools should punish cyberbullying that occurs outside of school.
Schools should start teaching multiculturalism.
Section of poetry should be eliminated from curriculum.
September 11 should be made a national holiday.
Sex education should be taught to children under 12 years of age
Sex offenders should be castrated.
Shoe companies must give shoes for free to school athletes.
Should children, even with parental consent, be allowed to marry
Single parents should not be allowed to adopt.
Single-sex education is better than co-ed.
Single-sex schools are better for students.
Single-sex schools are evil
Size zero fashion models should be banned.
Small universities are more human than big universities. Big universities operate like factories.
Smoking in public places Megan’s Law
Smoking in public places has to be banned
Smoking should be banned worldwide
Smoking should be banned.
Soccer players should wear helmets.
Social Issues
Social deprivation causes crime
Social media comments should be protected by free speech.
Social media doesn’t change family relationships.
Social movements must be financed by governments
Social networking technologies will bring about great changes in educational methods, in and out of the classroom.
Society is turning over-regulated
Society should fight with anorexia
Soft drugs like marijuana should be legalized.
Soft drugs should be legalised.
Soft drugs should be legalized.
Software piracy is not really a crime
Space mission flying to Mars should be funded by US Government.
Spanish should be a mandatory course in public schools.
Speak about your image of a perfect teacher.
Sport stars must create a positive impact as role models.
Sporting personalities earn too much money
Sports argumentative essay topics
Sports stars should be positive role models.
State high schools should substantially expand vocational training.
State lotteries should be ended.
States should abolish the death penalty.
States should ban drivers’ use of cellular phones in cars.
States should eliminate its “three strikes” law.
States should issue drivers’ licenses to undocumented immigrants.
States should legalize physician-assisted suicide.
States should provide free wireless internet access.
States should raise the minimum driving age to 18.
States should substantially increase the minimum wage.
Stem cell research should be expanded.
Steroid takers must be banned from team sports activities.
Steroids should be accepted in sports
Stop farm subsidies.
Stricter traffic laws could prevent serious accidents.
Students must adopt online courses.
Students must be granted with the permission of leaving school just for lunch.
Students must be required for taking drug tests.
Students must have jobs after school.
Students should be able to have cell phones at school.
Students should be able to leave school for lunch.
Students should be allowed to chew gum in school.
Students should be forbidden to pick courses of foreign language.
Students should be punished for failing to report cheating.
Students should be required to learn a second language for high school graduation.
Students should be required to pass algebra to graduate.
Students should not be graded on their handwriting.
Students should serve the community for one year.
Students should spend the whole day on studying and not on outdoor team sports activities.
Students should take parenting classes.
Students who download copyrighted music education should not be prosecuted.
Stuttering causes self-acceptance and self-esteem problems.
Success in life means money.
Sugar is dangerous than artificial sweetener.
Supreme Court proceedings should be televised.
Surveillance of Employees Terrorism Laws
TV and films influence children more than parents.
TV is bad for young people.
TV is doing harm.
Talk shows on TV are useless and boring.
Teachers should be allowed to carry guns
Teachers should be restricted to get in touch with students through any social medium.
Teachers should not be allowed to contact students through social media.
Teachers should not be allowed to give candy as rewards.
Teachers should not use candy as rewards.
Teaching is one of the most fascinating jobs.
Teaching machines can replace teachers.
Technology and education
Technology playing a bad role in education
Teenage girls should have access to birth control medicines without prescription.
Teenage pregnancies must be acceptable.
Teenagers shouldn’t be stopped from having affairs at a tender age.
Television does more harm than good.
Television is a bad influence.
Tenure should be abolished Violence/sex on television
Term limits for state legislators should be eliminated.
Terminally ill patients should be allowed to use h****n.
Terrorism can be justified
Testing of nuclear weapon has affected the present pollution crisis.
Textbooks must be substituted by online resources and i-Pad.
The American presidential primary and caucus system does more good than harm.
The Bush administration guest worker program should be implemented.
The Constitution should be amended to follow foreign born citizens to serve as President of the United States.
The District of Columbia should become the 51st state.
The French government should permit students to wear visible religious symbols in state schools.
The Internet has done more harm than good.
The NBA player dress code is justified.
The No Child Left Behind Act does more harm than good.
The President of the United States should be elected by the direct vote of the people.
The Supreme Court should end affirmative action in higher education.
The U S Government subsidy of the arts should end.
The U. S. should end the embargo on Cuba.
The U.S. government should fund a space mission to Mars.
The U.S. government should provide internet service for every citizen.
The U.S. invasion of Iraq has done more harm than good.
The U.S. should have a draft for military service.
The U.S. should not send humans into space.
The U.S. should take military actions against Iran.
The U.S. troop surge in Iraq is desirable.
The US Federal Government should significantly increase taxes on gasoline.
The US prison at Guantanamo Bay should be closed.
The US should eliminate farm subsidies.
The United Nations Security Council should have no permanent members.
The United Nations has failed at its mission.
The United Nations is a failed organisation
The United States Constitution should be amended to establish a mandatory retirement age for Supreme Court Justices.
The United States Federal Government should ban production of genetically modified organisms (GMOs).
The United States government should provide free healthcare for all U.S. citizens.
The United States is losing the War on Terror.
The United States military should immediately withdraw from Iraq.
The United States of Europe is a fine ideal.
The United States should adopt English as the official national language.
The United States should adopt a new timber policy.
The United States should amend the Constitution to allow foreign-born citizens to serve as President.
The United States should amend the constitution to criminalize flag burning.
The United States should ban the death penalty.
The United States should ban the importation of all products from China.
The United States should close its Guantanamo prison.
The United States should eliminate its own weapons of mass destruction.
The United States should end its use of the penny.
The United States should end the embargo on Cuba.
The United States should expand its use of nuclear power.
The United States should guarantee health care for its residents.
The United States should have a draft for military service.
The United States should launch a preemptive strike against Iran.
The United States should lower the voting age.
The United States should negotiate with Osama Bin Laden
The United States should open federal lands and offshore areas for oil drilling
The United States should pay reparations for slavery.
The United States should significantly expand its use of nuclear power.
The United States should significantly increase space exploration.
The United States should withdraw its military from Iraq.
The actual school system is not good.
The appeal and consequences of concealed carry of firearms
The assault weapon ban should be extended.
The atomic bombing of Hiroshima was justified.
The best way to a better government is democracy.
The churches have nothing to do with modern life.
The concept leading to fulfillment of sexual desires among teenagers should be encouraged.
The continuing introduction of new technologies and new media adds little to the quality of education.
The countries with the highest levels of corruption.
The customer is always right.
The death penalty is acceptable in some cases
The death penalty is acceptable in some extreme cases
The death penalty should be abolished.
The development of a sound educational and health system insures the nation’s security more than military strength.
The driving age should be raised.
The effects of economic reforms are trickling down.
The electoral college should be abolished.
The elimination of global poverty is the greatest moral challenge facing the work today.
The ethics of Drone warfare.
The ethics of combining human and animal DNA in order to research stem cells.
The focus on standards-based education in public middle schools does more good than harm.
The gifts people hold in common are more significant than those by which they differ.
The government must subsidize the Replaceable types of energy.
The government should pay for all healthcare services.
The husband should bring most of the money in the family.
The image of the human person affirmed by the electronic media is incompatible with Indian values.
The impact of media coverage during elections.
The importance of the school prayer at early childhood education institutions.
The internet must be censored to protect society
The late-night Metrorail service is a failed transportation experiment.
The legal system should have the option to charge juveniles as adults in murder cases.
The merits of genetically modified organisms, specifically transgenic crops.
The minimum wage only should be at a level in which a person can survive.
The most important of all human qualities is a sense of humour.
The most suitable age to have a right to vote.
The movie rating system is ineffective.
The music industry is mafia-like controlled and therefore the CD prices are high.
The negative impact of a lesbian mother on her daughter.
The new economic policy is helping the poor.
The only war worth fighting is the war on poverty.
The police force is institutionally racist
The private life of the politicians is no concern of the public.
The pros and cons of brutal video games.
The public sector has proved a great failure.
The public’s right to know is more important than the privacy of celebrities.
The requirement of a warrant for search and seizures should be dropped.
The right of bearing arms is an essential constitutional amendment
The right to be LGBTQ parents
The right to bear arms is a necessary constitutional amendment.
The risks the United States may face in terms of rapidly changing climate conditions.
The role of communications in social networks for modern education.
The test of democracy is its protection of minority rights.
The theory of Intelligent design should be taught in science classes.
The treatment of women is steadily improving.
The use of biological weapons that strike a specific race and leave most others unharmed.
The use of health insurance companies, of the medical history and genetic information of their clients.
The use of stem cells from aborted babies to cure diseases.
The voting age should be lowered.
The war against child labour is be being lost.
The war in Iraq was justified
The world is getting more (ethical) every year.
The world is over populated and steps must be taken to reduce births
The world of art has made people unrealistic.
The world would be better off without organized religion.
The “digital divide” is a secondary problem in the educational needs of the developing countries.
There are no bad children, only bad parents.
There is more intellect than emotion in our way of life.
There is still a glass ceiling for women.
There must be a ban on human clothing
There should be mandatory drug testing for all high school athletes in the U.S.
There should be mandatory drug testing for participation in extracurricular activities.
There should be year-round schooling for students in grades K-12.
They should not sell alcohol beverages after 11 P.M.
Third World War should be Prevented by Russian and US Governments
Those who can - do, those who can’t – teach
Those who can do, those who can't teach.
Those who can – do, those who can’t – teach
To be a politician: art or a born talent.
To be eligible for college, a student should have done twelve months social service in reforestation, road building, soil conservation, health or literacy work.
To regulate health issues, people should think about their sleep more
Torture as a useful interrogation tool for particularly heinous crimes like rape, child molestation, murders etc.
Torture can be acceptable in some cases
Torture is justified for national security.
Tourism doesn’t contribute at all to the understanding between nations.
Trophies participation in athletics. Good or bad idea.
Truth tends toward evolution more than creationism.
Tsunami: the death wave.
U.S. intervention in Iraq has done more good than harm.
UK is a surveillance society based on the level of regulation and surveillance.
US military involvement in Iraq has done more good than harm.
US senators and representatives must have some term limits.
US troops and its allies should withdraw their forces from Iraq immediately.
Under Indian conditions coalition governments are neither effective nor long lasting.
United States military forces should intervene in the Sudan.
Using animals for medical research should be continued
Using animals in medical research helps people
Veganism is the key to solving Climate Change
Vegetarianism is a way to find the way of good life.
Vicious and dangerous sports should be banned.
Video games are too violent.
Video games aren’t healthy.
Video games contribute to youth violence
Violent video games should be banned.
Violent video games should be prohibited
Voters should be given the choice “None of the above”
Voting age must be reduced.
Voting age should be lower/higher
Voting rights of United States felons should be reinstated after they have served their time.
Voting should be made mandatory.
Wal-Mart is good for America.
War is never an option for solving international disputes
War toys are good for children.
Warrantless wiretaps in America do more harm than good.
Water rates should be the same price for farmers and residential customers.
We are all basically selfish.
We are as sick as we are secret.
We are becoming too dependent on computers
We do not really need religion
We need medical experiments on humans.
Why America should stop behaving like the World’s police force.
Why mass school shootings should not get media attention.
Why self help books cannot help and are cheap and short-term fixes, rather than a long-term solution.
Why the all-male court culture doesn’t work.
Why using ‘Yank’ ‘N****r’ ‘Abo’ ‘Asian’ ‘Kiwi" etc. is not offensive.
Why we should not buy music released under RIAA labels.
Wild life safaris are orchestrated adventures for the happy rich.
Wireless service should be provided by the government for everyone.
Women are less intelligent than men.
Women are not equal to men in our society.
Women are not paid the same as men
Women are underpaid, undervalued and underutilized.
Women have no rights to have an abortion.
Women make better politicians than men.
Women make better teachers than men.
Women will never be equal to men in the workplace
Working in an advertising agency would be very interesting.
Working in night-shifts costs you at least ten years of your life.
Workplace dating is wrong.
Year-round education is not a good idea for student learning.
Yoga is the best way to fitness.
You can’t have a happy family life and a successful career at the same time
You get more news from the radio than from TV.
You will be happier if you stay unmarried
You will be happier if you stay unmarried.
YouTube Owners Should Check and Fix Comments That Involve Filthy Language
Young people must have a right to choose when it comes to military
Your race affects your intelligence
Zodiac signs changed with the introduction of the 13th.
Zoos do more good than harm.
pasteurized milk is better than raw milk
“Pride House" for LGBTQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) athletes.
