The music industry is mafia-like controlled and therefore the CD prices are high.
Religious fundamentalism is a growing threat to our society.
Health insurance companies should be refused to use genetic information of clients.
High school grades are inflating diplomas / certificates.
Students who download copyrighted music education should not be prosecuted.
Stop farm subsidies.
HIV tests should be available in drug stores like pregnancy tests.
Hunting should be restricted to some environmental areas.
Nuclear power is a viable energy source for the future.
Higher education should only be accessible to good students.
Doctors should be allowed to prescribe medical marijuana for severely ill patients.
It is crucial for women to develop a career before marriage and get kids.
The importance of the school prayer at early childhood education institutions.
Agnosticism can be simply defined as skepticism regarding theology.
International satellite news broadcasting poses a threat to indigenous cultures.
There is still a glass ceiling for women.
Governments ought to stop child labor.
The minimum wage only should be at a level in which a person can survive.
The government should pay for all healthcare services.
Stuttering causes self-acceptance and self-esteem problems.
Parents are to blame for unruly children in public restaurants and bars.
Pharmacists should be permitted to refuse to sell the morning after pill to underage girls after wrong dating.
We need medical experiments on humans.
Wild life safaris are orchestrated adventures for the happy rich.
Small universities are more human than big universities. Big universities operate like factories.
Home schooling is an effective education program for rural areas and long distance regions.
Working in night-shifts costs you at least ten years of your life.
Students should spend the whole day on studying and not on outdoor team sports activities.
Hummer buyers are sad people who over-compensate things.
People who have committed serious crimes should not help make laws for others.
Sex offenders should be castrated.
Workplace dating is wrong.
Live with your lover before getting married.
Voting age should be lower/higher
Age of consent should be lower/higher
Should children, even with parental consent, be allowed to marry
The appeal and consequences of concealed carry of firearms
Free press vs. fair trial
Legalized gambling
The right to be LGBTQ parents
Freedom of speech and racism
Insanity defense
Prohibition vs. drug legalization
Medical decision-making and minors
Pros and cons of raising minimum wage
Partial-birth abortion
Outdoor smoking bans and claims to public space
Should parents be allowed to spank their children?
Do alcohol and tobacco advertising bans work?
Pros and cons of the Unemployment Insurance benefit.
Chemical and biological warfare
Paying for a surrogate
Human cloning should be banned.
Renewable forms of energy should be subsidized by the government.
The U.S. government should fund a space mission to Mars.
Social media comments should be protected by free speech.
Parents should be allowed to choose their baby's gender.
Animal testing should be banned.
The U.S. government should provide internet service for every citizen.
Video games are too violent.
America should be able to provide foreign aid to countries that kill endangered animals.
It is never appropriate for the government to restrict freedom of speech.
Democracy is the best form of government.
All citizens who do not vote should pay a fine.
The right to bear arms is a necessary constitutional amendment.
Progressive tax rates are unfair.
The voting age should be lowered.
The driving age should be raised.
A border fence should be constructed between the U.S. and Mexico.
America should not give foreign aid to other countries.
Drone attacks against specific targets are a necessary part of modern warfare.
Affirmative action should be abolished.
Social Issues
Partial-birth abortion should be illegal.
All parents should be required to attend parenting classes before having a child.
All people should be vegetarians.
Mixed martial arts should be banned.
The death penalty should be abolished.
Sports stars should be positive role models.
People should be fined for not recycling.
Performance-enhancing drugs should be allowed in sports.
Education
All students should have an after-school job.
Every student should be required to take a performing arts course.
Homework should be banned.
School uniforms should be required.
Year-round education is not a good idea for student learning.
Physical education should be required of all students throughout high school.
All students should be required to perform one year of community service.
Schools should block YouTube.
Students should be able to leave school for lunch.
Single-sex schools are better for students.
Schools should punish cyberbullying that occurs outside of school.
Teachers should not be allowed to contact students through social media.
Public prayer should not be allowed in schools.
High-stakes state testing should be abolished.
Poetry should be removed from the curriculum.
History (or another subject) is an important subject in school.
Schools should not be allowed to track students by academic level.
Students should be required to pass algebra to graduate.
Students should not be graded on their handwriting.
All students should take an online course.
The theory of Intelligent design should be taught in science classes.
A democracy without effective citizenry for large sections of the political community is democracy only for the few.
A person cannot be whole while most of the world is broken.
A presidential form of government would be better than the current parliamentary system.
Abortion rights are necessary
Adult-oriented cartoons should only be broadcast on television after 10PM.
Advertisements around schools should be banned.
Advertising creates artificial needs.
Affirmative action is a good idea.
Algebra should not be required for high school graduation.
All Americans should be required to provide one year of national service.
All middle schools should require student uniforms.
All public high schools should have childcare facilities for their students on site.
All public middle schools should have student-run disciplinary courts.
All schools should provide students with music and art education.
All students should be required to say the Pledge of Allegiance.
American military involvement in Iraq has done more good than harm.
Americans should not be allowed to burn the United States flag as an act of free speech.
Animal performances should be banned in circuses.
Animals should not be used for entertainment.
Anyone who watches five days of cricket should be declared brain death.
Are the Olympic Games a waste of money?
Arranged marriages are better than ‘love’ marriage.
Asian Oyster seeding in the Chesapeake Bay should be banned.
Ban boxing!
Ban plastic bags in grocery stores.
Beauty pageants do more good than harm.
Being unwanted is the most terrible of diseases.
Birth control/education in schools BU should be a “wet” campus
Boys are higher achievers than girls.
Businesses should not place advertisements in schools.
Cable TV has done more damage than good.
Campaign finance reform Capital punishment
Capital punishment is unjust and degrading.
Capital punishment should be banned by the United States federal government.
Celebrities should not be role models.
Cellular phones should be allowed in schools.
Cigarettes should be illegal.
Class size in primary and secondary school should not exceed 30 students.
Cloning (Human/organs/therapeutic)
Cloning is immortal and dangerous.
College athletes should be paid.
College football should be exempted from Title IX requirements.
Colleges’ early admissions policies do more harm than good.
Community service should be mandatory in high school.
Congress should pass the “Clear Skies” initiative.
Consumers should not purchase SUVs.
Corporal punishment of children should be illegal.
Corruption, the abuse of public power for private gain, cannot be eradicated.
Cosmetic Surgery
Credit cards do more harm than good.
Daycare (universal provision of)
Desert area residents should be required to use desert landscaping.
Development programs hardly ever benefit the poor.
Development that sustains the present inequalities is undesirable.
Diet Pills Should be banned
Drinking Age
Drug companies should not be allowed to advertise prescription drugs to the general public.
Drug testing (mandatory) DUI convictions should include mandatory sentences
Elections are not the best test of democracy.
Employment creation should be the chief aim of our planning.
English as the official language Federal Funding of Faith-Based Organizations
Extra-terrestrial intelligence exists.
Fast food restaurants do more harm than good. Agree or not?
Food aid does more harm than good.
Football is a better game than cricket for Indian youth.
For adolescents, television is a better teacher than books.
Foreign Language Requirement in College
Fossil fuels are easily replaced.
Fried foods should have warning labels.
Friends are the most important thing in life.
Gambling
Gay marriage Gay adoption of children
GDH (Gross Domestic Happiness) is more important in judging the well-being of a country than GDP (Gross Domestic Product)
Genetic Engineering
Genghis Khan did more good than harm.
Gentrification does more harm than good.
Giving money to panhandlers is justified.
Good economics is good politics.
Gun control Health care/national health insurance
High school students should have to pass a national exit exam to graduate.
Hollywood movies have a good influence on the world or not?
Home schooling does more good than harm.
Homeland security is more important than protection of civil liberties.
Homework does more good than harm.
Homework should be banned.
Hospital employs should have the right to strike.
Human cloning should be allowed in the United States.
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
In the case of student lockers, school safety is more important than student privacy.
In the contest of global interdependence, security and sovereignty must be re-defined.
In today’s world a ‘culture of death’ is gaining supremacy over a ‘culture of life.’
Ineffective communication is the fault of the communicator.
Iran should be allowed to develop nuclear energy.
Is it unethical to eat meat?
Is our nation still unprepared for disasters?
It is better to be a follower than a leader.
It is impossible to eradicate violence in the country.
It is morally acceptable to experiment on animals for medical purposes.
It is unethical to buy an SUV.
It is unethical to eat meat.
It should be illegal to sell coffee and coffee products to minors anywhere in the United States.
James Hahn should be reelected mayor of Los Angeles.
Job flexibility and job security cannot co-exist.
Job security is the biggest motivator than money.
Junior high and high schools should randomly test their athletes for drug use.
Junk food should be banned from school cafeterias and vending machines.
Junk food should be banned in schools.
Juveniles should be tried as adults for felonies.
K-12 schools should ban junk food sales.
Letter grades in schools do more harm than good.
Lower the legal drinking age in the U.S. to 18.
Marijuana/or other drugs legalized Obesity Lawsuits
Medical testing on animals does more good than harm.
Middle grades should require students to wear uniforms.
Middle schools should allow outside food vendors for lunch.
Middle schools should have mandatory drug testing for participation in extracurricular activities.
Middle schools should have student lockers.
Middle schools should increase required classes and reduce electives.
Middle schools should not have promotion ceremonies.
Middle schools should require students to wear uniforms.
Missile Defense System Prayer in public schools
Money is more important than love.
Money is the biggest motivator of people at the workplace.
Movies penetrate the deepest corners of one’s soul.
NAFTA should be extended throughout the Americas.
New York Senator Hillary Clinton should be elected President of the United States in 2008.
Nontraditional English should be acknowledged in academia.
On average, zoos do more good than harm.
On balance, children’s television does more good than harm.
On balance, George W. Bush has done more good than harm.
On balance, nuclear energy does more good than harm.
On balance, special interests are a positive influence in American politics.
On balance, video games do more good than harm.
Organ donation should be compulsory for all United States citizens.
Ought to students necessary to put on school uniform??
Our problem is not overpopulation but under-population.’
Pakistan is more an enemy than an ally of the United States.
Parental spanking of children should be a crime.
Parents should avoid encouraging their children in getting toys which might sow the seeds of violence.
Parents should be held legally responsible for their children’s actions.
Parents should be punished for their children’s’ mistakes.
Parents should not buy war toys for their children.
Parents should not purchase war toys for their children.
PE should be compulsory in school.
Peer pressure does more good than harm.
Peer pressure is more beneficial than harmful.
Physical education in grades K-12 should be compulsory.
Physician-assisted suicide should be legalized.
Pledge of Allegiance
Private swimming pools are unethical.
Privatization of Prisons
Professional athletes should be role models.
Professional athletes should not be allowed to compete in the Olympic Games.
Public funds should not be used for professional sports stadiums.
Public schools should have single sex classrooms.
Puerto Rico should be a state.
Rap music does more harm than good.
Rap music does more harm than good.
Released felons should have voting rights.
Reservation of seats in Parliament is neither desirable nor helpful to women.
SAT/ACT prep classes do more harm than good.
School attendance should be voluntary.
School should be year-round.
School uniforms
School vouchers should be allowed.
Schools in the United States should ban animal dissection.
Schools should ban animal dissection.
Schools should ban junk food or not?
Schools should be year round.
Schools should eliminate letter grades.
Schools should end the practice of giving awards.
Schools should not support competitive interscholastic sports. Schools should ban animal dissection.
Schools should not use standardized testing.
Schools should provide for single sex instruction.
Schools should provide for single sex instruction.
September 11 should be made a national holiday.
Should 16 year old people be allowed to get a tattoo?
Should homework assignments be limited to a maximum of three nights a week?
Should minorities be treated differentially?
Should skateboards be prohibited on sidewalks?
Should the use of animals in sports and entertainment be banned?
Should there be a curfew for people under 18 years to reduce crime?
Single-sex education is better than co-ed.
Size zero fashion models should be banned.
Smoking in public places Megan’s Law
Soccer players should wear helmets.
Social networking technologies will bring about great changes in educational methods, in and out of the classroom.
Spanish should be a mandatory course in public schools.
State high schools should substantially expand vocational training.
State lotteries should be ended.
States should abolish the death penalty.
States should ban drivers’ use of cellular phones in cars.
States should eliminate its “three strikes” law.
States should issue drivers’ licenses to undocumented immigrants.
States should legalize physician-assisted suicide.
States should provide free wireless internet access.
States should raise the minimum driving age to 18.
States should substantially increase the minimum wage.
Stem cell research should be expanded.
Students should be able to have cell phones at school.
Students should be allowed to chew gum in school.
Students should be punished for failing to report cheating.
Students should be required to learn a second language for high school graduation.
Students should be required to learn a second language for high school graduation.
Students should take parenting classes.
Supreme Court proceedings should be televised.
Surveillance of Employees Terrorism Laws
Teachers should not be allowed to give candy as rewards.
Teachers should not use candy as rewards.
Teachers should not use candy as rewards.
Television does more harm than good.
Television is a bad influence.
Tenure should be abolished Violence/sex on television
Term limits for state legislators should be eliminated.
The “digital divide” is a secondary problem in the educational needs of the developing countries.
The American presidential primary and caucus system does more good than harm.
The assault weapon ban should be extended.
The atomic bombing of Hiroshima was justified.
The Bush administration guest worker program should be implemented.
The Constitution should be amended to follow foreign born citizens to serve as President of the United States.
The continuing introduction of new technologies and new media adds little to the quality of education.
The development of a sound educational and health system insures the nation’s security more than military strength.
The District of Columbia should become the 51st state.
The effects of economic reforms are trickling down.
The electoral college should be abolished.
The elimination of global poverty is the greatest moral challenge facing the work today.
The focus on standards-based education in public middle schools does more good than harm.
The French government should permit students to wear visible religious symbols in state schools.
The gifts people hold in common are more significant than those by which they differ.
The image of the human person affirmed by the electronic media is incompatible with Indian values.
The Internet has done more harm than good.
The late-night Metrorail service is a failed transportation experiment.
The legal system should have the option to charge juveniles as adults in murder cases.
The movie rating system is ineffective.
The NBA player dress code is justified.
The new economic policy is helping the poor.
The No Child Left Behind Act does more harm than good.
The only war worth fighting is the war on poverty.
The President of the United States should be elected by the direct vote of the people.
The private life of the politicians is no concern of the public.
The public sector has proved a great failure.
The public’s right to know is more important than the privacy of celebrities.
The Supreme Court should end affirmative action in higher education.
The test of democracy is its protection of minority rights.
The treatment of women is steadily improving.
The U S Government subsidy of the arts should end.
The U. S. should end the embargo on Cuba.
The U.S. invasion of Iraq has done more harm than good.
The U.S. should have a draft for military service.
The U.S. should not send humans into space.
The U.S. should take military actions against Iran.
The U.S. troop surge in Iraq is desirable.
The United Nations has failed at its mission.
The United Nations Security Council should have no permanent members.
The United States Constitution should be amended to establish a mandatory retirement age for Supreme Court Justices.
The United States Federal Government should ban production of genetically modified organisms (GMOs).
The United States government should provide free healthcare for all U.S. citizens.
The United States is losing the War on Terror.
The United States military should immediately withdraw from Iraq.
The United States should adopt a new timber policy.
The United States should adopt English as the official national language.
The United States should amend the Constitution to allow foreign-born citizens to serve as President.
The United States should amend the constitution to criminalize flag burning.
The United States should ban the death penalty.
The United States should ban the importation of all products from China.
The United States should close its Guantanamo prison.
The United States should eliminate its own weapons of mass destruction.
The United States should end its use of the penny.
The United States should end the embargo on Cuba.
The United States should expand its use of nuclear power.
The United States should guarantee health care for its residents.
The United States should guarantee health care for its residents.
The United States should guarantee health care for its residents.
The United States should have a draft for military service.
The United States should launch a preemptive strike against Iran.
The United States should lower the voting age.
The United States should negotiate with Osama Bin Laden
The United States should open federal lands and offshore areas for oil drilling
The United States should pay reparations for slavery.
The United States should significantly expand its use of nuclear power.
The United States should significantly increase space exploration.
The United States should withdraw its military from Iraq.
The US Federal Government should significantly increase taxes on gasoline.
The US prison at Guantanamo Bay should be closed.
The US should eliminate farm subsidies.
The war against child labour is be being lost.
The world is getting more (ethical) every year.
There are no bad children, only bad parents.
There is more intellect than emotion in our way of life.
There should be mandatory drug testing for all high school athletes in the U.S.
There should be mandatory drug testing for participation in extracurricular activities.
There should be year-round schooling for students in grades K-12.
To be eligible for college, a student should have done twelve months social service in reforestation, road building, soil conservation, health or literacy work.
Torture is justified for national security.
Torture is justified for national security.
TV and films influence children more than parents.
U.S. intervention in Iraq has done more good than harm.
Under Indian conditions coalition governments are neither effective nor long lasting.
United States military forces should intervene in the Sudan.
US military involvement in Iraq has done more good than harm.
US troops and its allies should withdraw their forces from Iraq immediately.
Violent video games should be banned.
Voters should be given the choice “None of the above”
Voting rights of United States felons should be reinstated after they have served their time.
Voting should be made mandatory.
Wal-Mart is good for America.
War toys are good for children.
Warrantless wiretaps in America do more harm than good.
Water rates should be the same price for farmers and residential customers.
We are as sick as we are secret.
Which is more important money or love?
Women are underpaid, undervalued and underutilized.
Women have no rights to have an abortion.
Women make better politicians than men.
Women make better teachers than men.
You get more news from the radio than from TV.
Zoos do more good than harm.
The pros and cons of brutal video games.
Students must have jobs after school.
Ban on homework.
Media and the suicide.
Greatest struggle; education vs. vacation.
Peers are important for teenagers.
Who is better: David Archuleta or Justin Bieber?
Movies with mothers.
What’s wrong in allowing electronics to teens in schools?
Writing poetry is better or listening to pop songs?
School uniforms aren’t essential.
PTC of students is a bad idea.
Students should serve the community for one year.
Students must be granted with the permission of leaving school just for lunch.
Public prayer must be restricted in schools.
Grades must be abolished.
Video games aren’t healthy.
History is the most important course in school.
Ban on tracking students for schools.
In order to graduate, students must pass algebra.
Marks on student’s handwriting shouldn’t be deducted.
Teenagers shouldn’t be stopped from having affairs at a tender age.
Teenage pregnancies must be acceptable.
The concept leading to fulfillment of sexual desires among teenagers should be encouraged.
Controversial Media Topics
Comments on social media must be secured by a free speech.
Should coverage of media be regulated?
The impact of media coverage during elections.
Media have made people more critical than ever.
Media can be taken as the exploitation of media.
Due to media, people have become more violent.
Do the social media make you feel good or bad?
Filming has polluted people’s minds.
Media serves us as destruction.
Access of YouTube in schools should be blocked.
Teachers should be restricted to get in touch with students through any social medium.
Controversial Political Topics for Debates and Essays
How does the elected female officer different from the elected male officer?
Is it important for having equal depiction of races and genders in political offices?
Political campaigns should get money donation from corporations.
How can minorities turn into police officers?
Should the rights of writers and artists be secured on internet?
Rich people should pay much more taxes than a layman.
Do big shots have any moral obligations?
Is it necessary for a leader to be a socialite?
Is it appropriate for any government to ban a human’s right to speak freely?
Space mission flying to Mars should be funded by US Government.
The best way to a better government is democracy.
Penalty on one’s death should be overruled.
Citizens who don’t put a vote must be fined.
The right of bearing arms is an essential constitutional amendment
Accelerating rates of taxes are unfair.
Voting age must be reduced.
America should refrain from providing foreign aid.
Wireless service should be provided by the government for everyone.
US senators and representatives must have some term limits.
Controversial Sports Topics
Trophies participation in athletics. Good or bad idea.
Are dictatorial sports parents harmful or helpful?
Punishment for young children on competing at athletics.
Sport stars must create a positive impact as role models.
Performance encouraging drugs must be granted in sports.
Shoe companies must give shoes for free to school athletes.
Is NFL getting mild with Concussion rules?
Can soccer turn out to be fifth topmost sport?
Playoffs or BCS?
NBA or AAU?
Not to or to DH?
Kobe is better than LeBron.
Kobe is on its way down.
Spirit of rule or simply the rule?
Does instant replay help?
Fans should be censored or not?
Is Tom good for Gisele?
Colleges should suffer because of their athlete’s loss.
Boxing can be saved or not?
Is MMA going to kill boxing?
MMA must be legal.
Steroids should be monetized or legalized?
Should all steroid Users enter the Fame hall?
Owners or players?
What is suggestive; soft cap, no cap or hard cap?
Peter Rose should be in Hall of Fame.
Should athletes become role models?
Athlete’s diet shouldn’t be different from other people.
Controversial Healthcare and Food Topics for Essay and Debates
Increase in the child’s obesity. Reasons.
How to encourage children for becoming more active?
Diet sometimes affects a humans well being and not all the time.
A diet that perfectly suits your genetics must be designed.
Sugar is dangerous than artificial sweetener.
Genetics can be challenged with diet and exercise.
Can there be a disparity bridge between obesity and malnutrition.
Drinking alcohol should be encouraged as its consumption is healthy.
Exercise is related to ones brain health.
Yoga is the best way to fitness.
Does smoking continue to be problematic among the teenagers?
Antismoking are effective or not?
Is driving and driving still badly effecting teenagers?
Is it essential to have a healthy lunch program at school?
People are barely concerned about where their food is coming from.
Eating meat is ethical or not.
In your opinion, your Tacos are appropriated or authentic.
Government should make small seized sugary drinks.
Marijuana should get legal.
pasteurized milk is better than raw milk
All milk must be pasteurized.
Alfalfa sprouts aren’t worth eating anymore
GMOs shouldn’t be kept in mind. One should simply eat and not avoid.
Students must be required for taking drug tests.
Should smoking be banned?
Obsession with food has dominated the bigger problems we have in hand
Are we all meant for eating meat?
Foie gras should be banned
Is food nowadays new rock
New world wine is superior than the Old world
People should own backyard chickens
Keeping chicken is helpful or harmful
Fast food is not bad for health.
Corn fed is better than grass fed
Grass fed is the only solution to the bovine problems
Is it possible to treat a hangover
The drinking age of alcohol should be decreased or increased?
Controversial Parenting Topics
Parents shouldn’t decide when you can drink alcohol or buy cigarettes.
Teenage girls should have access to birth control medicines without prescription.
Are parents punishing children for achieving what they want?
Is appropriate behavior only be taught by parents.
How should parents teach their children regarding sex and puberty?
How parents should be handling a horrible report card.
Should children get freedom by their parents for wearing whatever they like?
Parents are most of the times unfair towards their children.
Should parents give the authority to teen to govern their lives and take decisions all by themselves?
Partial abortion should be declared illegal.
Before giving birth to a child, parents must attend the parenting classes.
Parents should have the authority to pick their child’s gender.
Parents should or should not censor literature and other textbooks for their child in school?
Controversial Art Topics
Is art essential in our lives?
Art schools should be abandoned in every state.
Art keep one young at heart.
Does art represents vulgarity?
Is Graffiti considered an art?
When is the art not originally an art?
What do you think makes a good art commercial?
Pop culture comes through serious art study.
Is video game a complete work of arts?
People have forgotten to sketch a line between fiction and truth.
The world of art has made people unrealistic.
Each student must take courses of performing arts.
MMA (mixed martial arts) must be banned completely.
Music sharing through internet should be permitted.
Controversial Technology Topics
Should Barbie shows be banned on TV?
Does the advancement in technology means that mankind is losing necessary historical information?
Regulations of realty T.V programs.
Cell phones have a control on our relationships.
Computers bring revolution to a humans mind.
Cell phone and texting has made people less attentive.
Face to face talking is not better than texts, cell phones and emails.
Textbooks must be substituted by online resources and i-Pad.
Online technologies aren’t changing our living style.
Is technology trying to reconstruct the definition of a human?
Should we have strict laws for using cell phones in cars?
Macs have no comparison with PCs.
IPhones are way better than Androids.
Social media doesn’t change family relationships.
Should parent restrict teenagers from frequently sitting on social media?
Private policies that should be held by the companies of social media.
What should not or should be posted by the college students on face book?
Should scientists get the permission for experimenting on the human embryos?
Possible uses of nanotechnology in future.
Controversial Military Topics For Debates and Essays
War is inevitable. True or not?
How do you think war can become an integral part of society?
Is there any justification of war?
Establishing peace is not possible.
Should US remain acting as policeman to other countries?
Testing of nuclear weapon has affected the present pollution crisis.
Are there any war effects in Middle Eastern areas or not?
How the US states should protect itself from terrorism?
Drone warfare is ethical.
Cyber warfare is becoming important. How and why?
US engage itself in cyber war on various other countries?
Military spending should be decreased and increased in US?
Drone attacks have become necessary for modern warfare.
A border line must be drawn between Mexico and US.
Discussion Topics
Does a beauty contest create a positive impact on young girls?
Truth tends toward evolution more than creationism.
Is it wise enough to be completely dependent on the nuclear power?
Climate change is a great threat to human species or not.
Plastic bags use should be banned forever.
Is it necessary to pay for the music you have made?
Existence of religious persecution.
Should the authorities grant people to create designer babies?
Adopting a child from any other ethnic group is a bad idea or good idea?
Schools should start teaching multiculturalism.
Churches should work hard to become multi racial.
Should the states allow gay couple marriages?
Newspaper reporters must be required for revealing their sources.
Globing warming is a hoax or its being exaggerated?
Does age really matters in a love relationship?
The government must subsidize the Replaceable types of energy.
There must be a ban on human clothing
Driving age must be increased.
Affirmative action must be put to an end.
Controversial Education Topics
Is it compulsory to have high school examination nationally?
Does testing statewide (like STAAR/TAKS test in state Texas) increase the knowledge of a student?
Should colleges abandon reliance on ACT and SAT scores for admissions?
Should US adopt the educational system similar to Europe?
Causes of students graduating without acquiring basic skills.
Comparison of American students from other countries students.
Technology playing a bad role in education
Liberal arts is of no value in education
Students should be forbidden to pick courses of foreign language.
Schools should not spend money on subjects of fine arts.
A student who doesn’t speak English must not be taught in the public schools.
College athletes should be paid or not?
Schools having the same sex students are much better.
Cyber bullying caught by a student even outside the school premises must be hindered by the schools admin.
Section of poetry should be eliminated from curriculum.
Students must adopt online courses.
Intelligent design must be taught and introduced in the science class.
Education should be free for everyone
Why are the US citizens rapidly becoming more obese?
Internet access must be limited to students
Young people must have a right to choose when it comes to military
Each student must have a right to pick only those disciplines he is interested in
What are the advantages US educational system offers to international students?
Which secondary languages are worth studying today?
Is education too commercialised nowadays?
Is current academic grading helpful in performance?
Are tests like SAT and ACT effective?
Advantages and disadvantages of MBA program.
Sports argumentative essay topics
What can be done to assist teenagers in maintaining a healthy weight?
Physical education in the school system.
Does participation in NCAA negatively influence the academic performance?
What is the top unbreakable record in sport?
Is Michael Jordan still a basketball star?
Argumentative essay topics for middle school
What is the real relationship between food, fitness, and weight?
What are the negative effects of diets?
Society should fight with anorexia
To regulate health issues, people should think about their sleep more
Is golf still demanded?
Steroid takers must be banned from team sports activities.
Is swimming really the best type of sport?
Hockey and other dangerous sports.
Argumentative essay topics for college
Production and sales of tobacco must be made illegal
Death sentence should be activated in every country of the world
Smoking in public places has to be banned
Alcohol usage should be controlled
They should not sell alcohol beverages after 11 P.M.
Energetic drinks should be banned and made illegal
Should court proceedings be documented for television?
The most suitable age to have a right to vote.
When can citizens start drinking and smoking (specific age)?
On the whole, is there justice for all?
Was the Industrial Revolution a Europe-wide phenomenon in the nineteenth century?
Classical argument topics
It should be forbidden to use species of animals for research purposes and cruel experiments
Should rainforests destructions be punished?
To what extent are electric vehicles a solution to global pollution?
Pros and cons of globalisation.
Was Roosevelt right about building a Panama Canal?
Are you on the side of King-Kong or militaries who interrupted his world to study it using violent measures?
The risks the United States may face in terms of rapidly changing climate conditions.
Earthquakes and their consequences.
Tsunami: the death wave.
Beautiful forests of Amazonia.
Which species should be included in the Red Book (Liber Novus)?
How can students add up to the social movement for nature's safety?
Controversial argumentative essay topics
Third World War should be Prevented by Russian and US Governments
Existing public school policies must be changed
Is gun control an effective way to control the crime?
Government should forbid same-sex marriages
Society is turning over-regulated
The countries with the highest levels of corruption.
Are some political authorities engaged in illegal activities in the US?
Should people with physical disabilities be accepted by the government?
To be a politician: art or a born talent.
Can anyone be above the law?
Pros and cons of Monarchy.
Is CIS a better alternative for the USSR?
Argumentative essay on technology
Violent video games should be prohibited
Does technology make people feel alone?
YouTube Owners Should Check and Fix Comments That Involve Filthy Language
Are people becoming technological zombies?
Will humanity reach the time when there will be no more technological advancement?
Influences of mobile phones: pros and cons
Technology and education
Argumentative essay on social media
Is technology limiting creativity?
The role of communications in social networks for modern education.
Are contemporary people too much reliant on technology?
Are online friends more effective than imaginary?
Is censorship of Internet necessary?
6th-grade argumentative essay topics
First aid and medical help, in general, should become free
People are good at heart (download and use an example now)
People are good at heart psychology from ilsepauly687
People must spend less time on official work without any effect on their salaries
Social movements must be financed by governments
Parents have no right to control the lives of their children above 16
Cloning must be banned
Using animals in medical research helps people
Gay marriages are wrong
Women will never be equal to men in the workplace
You can’t have a happy family life and a successful career at the same time
Marriage is outdated
The death penalty is acceptable in some cases
Foreigners shouldn’t be allowed to vote
Celebrities earn too much money
Military service should be obligatory
War is never an option for solving international disputes
Torture can be acceptable in some cases
Curfews keep teens out of trouble
We are becoming too dependent on computers
Smoking should be banned worldwide
Single-sex schools are evil
Homework is harmful
A woman’s place is in the home
Committing suicide should be made legal
A man should have a wife for the family and a mistress for pleasure
Soft drugs should be legalized.
Those who can - do, those who can’t – teach
You will be happier if you stay unmarried
Software piracy is not really a crime
We do not really need religion
Your race affects your intelligence
Euthanasia should be legal
Obesity is a disease
Video games contribute to youth violence
Drinking age should be lowered
Steroids should be accepted in sports
Cloning has a lot of benefits
Prenuptial agreements make families stronger
Corporal punishment should be allowed in schools.
A woman's place is in the home.
Fare-dodging on a train or bus is ok if you can get away with it.
Boys and girls should not have equal education.
A foreign language cannot be taught. It must be learned.
A country gets the government it deserves.
A man should have a wife for the family and a mistress for pleasure.
All property should be owned by the state.
Murderers should be executed.
Soft drugs like marijuana should be legalized.
Beauty is only a matter of taste.
Riches are for spending.
We are all basically selfish.
Punishment never has any good effect.
Those who can do, those who can't teach.
You will be happier if you stay unmarried.
People work better if they are paid more.
Committing suicide should be made legal.
Royalty and democracy are incompatible.
Using animals for medical research should be continued
Gay marriage is wrong
Women will never be equal to men in the workplace
You can’t have a happy family life and a successful career at the same time
Marriage is an outdated institution
Citizens should be allowed to carry guns
The death penalty is acceptable in some extreme cases
Foreigners shouldn’t be allowed to vote
Sex education should be taught to children under 12 years of age
Women are not paid the same as men
Bribery is acceptable
Music which glorifies violence towards women should be banned
Condoms should be distributed in schools for free (junior schools)
Nuclear weapons are a necessary weapon
Teachers should be allowed to carry guns
Sporting personalities earn too much money
Beauty contests should be banned
Cosmetic surgery should be outlawed
Social deprivation causes crime
Military service should be obligatory
War is never an option for solving international disputes
Torture can be acceptable in some cases
Curfews keep teens out of trouble
We are becoming too dependent on computers
Smoking should be banned worldwide
Single-sex schools are evil
Homework is harmful
The United Nations is a failed organisation
Intelligence tests should be given before couples can have children
A woman’s place is in the home
The internet must be censored to protect society
Committing suicide should be made legal
A man should have a wife for the family and a mistress for pleasure
Soft drugs should be legalised.
Those who can – do, those who can’t – teach
You will be happier if you stay unmarried
Software piracy is not really a crime
We do not really need religion
Veganism is the key to solving Climate Change
The police force is institutionally racist
Democracy must be imposed on nations
The war in Iraq was justified
Chinese style government is superior to western democracies.
Your race affects your intelligence
The world is over populated and steps must be taken to reduce births
Euthanasia should be legal
Cloning is a valuable scientific cause
Obesity is a disease
Video games contribute to youth violence
Drinking age should be lowered
China will be a world superpower
Drugs should be accepted in sports
Cloning has a lot of benefits
Climate change does not exist
Carbohydrates are more damaging than fats
Terrorism can be justified
Prostitution should be legalised
Prenuptial agreements make families stronger
Corporal punishment should be allowed in schools.
Prisoners should be allowed to vote
“Pride House" for LGBTQ (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) athletes.
Islamic economics and capitalism. Which is better?
A non-college education for higher income possibilities. (A PhD Biologist earns less than a highly skilled aircraft engine mechanic.)
Bailing out of banks and financial institutions by the government.
UK is a surveillance society based on the level of regulation and surveillance.
Polygamy should be legalized.
The negative impact of a lesbian mother on her daughter.
The requirement of a warrant for search and seizures should be dropped.
Abolishment of the jury, giving sole power of decision to a judge or to a panel of judges.
The use of biological weapons that strike a specific race and leave most others unharmed.
Torture as a useful interrogation tool for particularly heinous crimes like rape, child molestation, murders etc.
Mandatory implants of contraception against pregnancy for all (both sexes) close to the average onset of puberty until people obtain a license to have children. To conceive, both parents must be certified.
The merits of genetically modified organisms, specifically transgenic crops.
The world would be better off without organized religion.
Why we should not buy music released under RIAA labels.
Harvesting sperm from dead male relatives/spouses for someone else to have their own children.
The use of stem cells from aborted babies to cure diseases.
Legalization of assisted suicide for people suffering from terminal illnesses.
Hunting is good as it brings in money for the state and local businesses.
Religion can help with the spiritual growth in a society where people are nothing more than shelled husks without souls, where only money and superficial beauty matter.
Why self help books cannot help and are cheap and short-term fixes, rather than a long-term solution.
Nature versus nurture. Going green is not legit and isn’t working.
The ethics of combining human and animal DNA in order to research stem cells.
Chip implants in pets for identification.
Anarchism is better than all forms of government due to its definitions and applications.
Racial profiling should be done.
Say no to adult content in cartoons and other programs watched by children.
Single parents should not be allowed to adopt.
The use of health insurance companies, of the medical history and genetic information of their clients.
Gender choice during child adoption.
Availability of HIV drug kits in drug stores.
Implanted GPS systems threaten privacy.
Why using ‘Yank’ ‘N****r’ ‘Abo’ ‘Asian’ ‘Kiwi" etc. is not offensive.
Journalism is the art of intellectual prostitution.
Say no to palm oil and other products made with palm oil and save the orangutans.
Climate change is more political than scientific.
Allowing drugs in some sports competitions will allow us to keep others clean.
Why the decision to disarm Americans may lead America to Civil war?
Why the all-male court culture doesn’t work.
Why mass school shootings should not get media attention.
Should prayers be imposed in schools? Why?
Zodiac signs changed with the introduction of the 13th.
Fast food chains should face regulations as a result of the nation’s obesity problem.
It should be legally made mandatory for adoptive parents to allow biological parents access to the children they gave birth to.
Terminally ill patients should be allowed to use h****n.
The ethics of Drone warfare.
Should churches work harder to be multi-racial?
Why America should stop behaving like the World’s police force.
New York City soft drink size limit should be implemented.
Ban all foods containing “beef," in view of the huge 2013 meat adulteration scandal.
The husband should bring most of the money in the family.
Women are less intelligent than men.
Football is for idiots.
Computers are very important in education.
Knowing English well is equivalent to a college degree.
The actual school system is not good.
Success in life means money.
Nationalism is a positive thing.
Talk shows on TV are useless and boring.
Husbands and wives should have the same educational level.
Friendship is the most important relationship in life.
Marketing and management should be taught in last two years of high school.
Doing a job that you like is more important than to earn more money.
It is much more difficult to do business in the East than in western European countries.
Business means trust.
Being a team worker is more important than to be a brilliantly creative person.
What job would you like to do and why?
Living alone can be an advantageous and good solution.
Multinationals and globalization bring good and bad things.
USD?
Managers should also be excellent psychologists.
Church is a positive factor in our society.
Teaching is one of the most fascinating jobs.
Speak about your image of a perfect teacher.
Light drugs should be treated more tolerantly.
Democracy has bad aspects too.
Working in an advertising agency would be very interesting.
Guns~ pros and cons
Organizing a travel agency.
Camping holidays vs. hotels.
Big family vs. an only child.
TV is bad for young people.
What would you do if you won 1 million ?
Private English classes vs. group courses.
Capitalism is not a fair society.
It’ s not fair that film stars or football players earn millions.
A common Europe- is it just a dream?
High Street shops vs. supermarkets.
Cosmetic surgery- pros and cons.
Women are not equal to men in our society.
Smoking should be banned.
TV is doing harm.
Grow fat and be happy!
Stricter traffic laws could prevent serious accidents.
Parents are too permissive with their children nowadays.
Vicious and dangerous sports should be banned.
Compulsory military service should be abolished everywhere.
Childhood is certainly the happiest time of your life.
Examinations exerts a bad influence on education.
Tourism doesn’t contribute at all to the understanding between nations.
Living in a large, modern city- only a madman would choose it.
No one wants to live to be a hundred.
Equality of opportunities in a society- only a dream.
Capital punishment is the only way to deter criminals.
People should not spend billions on exploring the space.
The most important of all human qualities is a sense of humour.
I6t’s foolish to give money to beggars.
Men are worse gossips than women.
Animals should not be kept in captivity.
Life begins at forty.
Vegetarianism is a way to find the way of good life.
The churches have nothing to do with modern life.
The United States of Europe is a fine ideal.
Teaching machines can replace teachers.
The customer is always right.
Emigration will solve our problems.
History is a purposeless activity.
Giving money to beggars is stupid.